robots are playing battlefield hardline
they released the beta in the middle of
III so of course I have to give it a go
looks pretty cool have adults oh I know
looks a little bit cheap I need to be
quiet it's in the middle of the night I
don't want to wake up the neighbors
because I'm a good neighbor
I don't scream in the middle of the
night I hope Oh exciting
this way jump straight down on objective
hello oh shit course I'm using a jump
gun ah let's see
I don't so honest look snow is a little
bit sad missing buckshot yes
oh you oh no I've brilliant plan huh get
the fuck out of the way glass doors oh
yes it will fit haha yes yes yes yes oh
man hahaha
oh shit Robert you're already off track
oh shit sorry
Oh what can possibly go wrong
haha many things that was awesome
try that again won't you oh no no no no
I don't want to kill anyone
ah that would be really rude of me oh
shit oh we hit emotion that ah yes ah
shit the neighbors make it easier to get
in I think anything I would really like
to do some oh whoa the great a some
extreme sports some time in my life
living on the edge there's nothing
better than that
we did it
shit oh man it's not an evolution we're
just gonna get oh just glad nope oh sure
oh no what it's so many invisible walls
in the game go BJ what the fuck did you
come from
oh man we're gonna get steal some money
off them they apparently winning not on
my fucking watch I think we're supposed
to steal their money we can take their
money to our stuff we can all just steal
the money for them with a pile so let's
be smart I like this mode Oh
oh shit think I know right
cover us cool look they are well man I
still I still have the FPS in me
oh shit oh shit let's do our money oh
shit pop goes goes - guys are you
kidding me
get the fuck back here with my money
bitch oh oh oh
take it easy you're just gonna feel so
much more powerful than what I did in
better feel for a little bit could find
slugs for it though oh I really love
slugs and ass big fat scope on this
bitch I've been seeing a big scopes on
it a cogs
oh hey go yay went pretty well
okay
are you kidding me okay this guy can
totally kill him
no fuck this I'm not going to use that
peashooter office
double barrel of to bitch Barger's take
anything away you are the ninja believe
in yourself
yes oh man oh shit what's that no no way
oh man this thing is good it's it's too
few bullets for it though only two oh
yes oh yes hang up you could probably
thank that maybe just get around them oh
shit yes we get back up here now fuck
yes oh oh oh shit look away oh I can
handle this
ah okay so much believe in yourself
Oh Oh what the fuck I got it
I fucking degenerate it out big fucking
APC what's good fucking good love this
shit yes fuck yes
the game is pretty good it's it's just
it feels just like medical tomorrow
actually I just fell East is no D hey
man like a favorite this shit become a
police officer today
you